Mission Statement
KPR Accountancy is a Denver based accounting firm that provides financial, tax, consulting and management advisory services. Our focus is small business and individuals who seek financial insight, integrations for new accounting system capabilities, strategic planning and tax oversight. KPR is here to partner with you in navigating finance – skillfully and responsibly.

Services
Tax Compliance
Let’s face it! The IRS is inescapable. Engage KPR Accountancy tax advisory services to get the best return for your work determining tax breaks and strategies that will allow you to avoid paying higher taxes now and in the future. KPR Accountancy also assists in filing C-Corp, S-Corp, Partnership and Individual tax returns and can give guided instruction on compliance related matters of other federal and state regulated reportings.

System Integration
Let’s find technology solutions that work best for you! Help manage your business growth successfully with integrative technologies for accounting and business management. 
At KPR Accountancy, we work directly with you and your team to evaluate business processes and technologies available. This ensures your systems supply valuable data, insights into your operations, and streamlined processes where available. Move from your old outdated method of doing business to an integrated one. 
Efficient time management, real-time information and advanced reporting tools available all at your fingertip. Let’s put dollars back into your pocket.

Financial Strategy
KPR Accountancy provides expertise in strategic financial planning – supporting where you want to go and facilitating how you’re going to get there. KPR assists companies in creating accurate budgeting, job cost analysis, cash flow management, and financial reporting. 
Additionally, KPR Accountancy can aide in financial statement reporting in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. KPR assists companies in complex accounting methodologies related to complex transactions and can perform regular financial reviews for management’s use.

About
Small Business Success
KPR Accountancy was built for small business strategic planning. Business are made of people - which is why we put them first; by understanding their needs of today, and positioning them for the goals of tomorrow.

Credentials
I started my accounting career with 4 years in big-4 public accounting KPMG performing company audits, financial statement reviews, and tax preparations for large C-Corps, S-Corps and Partnerships. Upon relocating to Colorado with her husband in 2012, Keri joined the internal corporate tax department as second in charge of a large corporation grossing $400M plus annually. Her skill set includes business forecast analytics, strategic tax planning, financial statement reporting accuracy under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), a broad range of tax compliance work, state tax oversight, and merger and acquisition due diligence processes.

Bio
<fill in>

Education
Montana State University, Bozeman, MT Master of Professional Accountancy Bachelor of Science degrees Certified Public Accountant (CPA) licensed within the State of Colorado.

Contact
To build a design for your financial future, I provide a provide a plan as unique as your business. Give